androidx/transition/R.java
 androidx.transition.R
 androidx.transition.R$anim
 androidx.transition.R$attr
 androidx.transition.R$bool
 androidx.transition.R$color
 androidx.transition.R$dimen
 androidx.transition.R$drawable
 androidx.transition.R$id
 androidx.transition.R$integer
 androidx.transition.R$layout
 androidx.transition.R$string
 androidx.transition.R$style
 androidx.transition.R$styleable
androidx/print/R.java
 androidx.print.R
io/flutter/plugins/sharedpreferences/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.sharedpreferences.R$styleable
androidx/vectordrawable/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/core/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.core.R
androidx/appcompat/resources/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.resources.R$styleable
com/baseflow/permissionhandler/R.java
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$attr
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$color
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$id
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$integer
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$layout
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$string
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$style
 com.baseflow.permissionhandler.R$styleable
androidx/arch/core/R.java
 androidx.arch.core.R
androidx/fragment/R.java
 androidx.fragment.R
 androidx.fragment.R$anim
 androidx.fragment.R$animator
 androidx.fragment.R$attr
 androidx.fragment.R$color
 androidx.fragment.R$dimen
 androidx.fragment.R$drawable
 androidx.fragment.R$id
 androidx.fragment.R$integer
 androidx.fragment.R$layout
 androidx.fragment.R$string
 androidx.fragment.R$style
 androidx.fragment.R$styleable
androidx/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.savedstate.R
 androidx.savedstate.R$id
com/google/android/gms/places_placereport/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.places_placereport.R
com/example/sglh/MainActivity.java
 com.example.sglh.MainActivity
androidx/asynclayoutinflater/R.java
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$attr
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$color
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$dimen
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$drawable
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$id
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$integer
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$layout
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$string
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$style
 androidx.asynclayoutinflater.R$styleable
androidx/interpolator/R.java
 androidx.interpolator.R
vn/hunghd/flutter/plugins/imagecropper/R.java
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$anim
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$animator
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$attr
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$bool
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$color
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$dimen
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$drawable
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$id
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$integer
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$interpolator
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$layout
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$menu
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$string
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$style
 vn.hunghd.flutter.plugins.imagecropper.R$styleable
androidx/core/R.java
 androidx.core.R
 androidx.core.R$attr
 androidx.core.R$color
 androidx.core.R$dimen
 androidx.core.R$drawable
 androidx.core.R$id
 androidx.core.R$integer
 androidx.core.R$layout
 androidx.core.R$menu
 androidx.core.R$string
 androidx.core.R$style
 androidx.core.R$styleable
net/jonhanson/flutter_native_splash/R.java
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$attr
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$color
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$dimen
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$drawable
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$id
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$integer
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$layout
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$string
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$style
 net.jonhanson.flutter_native_splash.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/common/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.common.R
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$integer
 com.google.android.gms.common.R$string
androidx/activity/R.java
 androidx.activity.R
 androidx.activity.R$attr
 androidx.activity.R$color
 androidx.activity.R$dimen
 androidx.activity.R$drawable
 androidx.activity.R$id
 androidx.activity.R$integer
 androidx.activity.R$layout
 androidx.activity.R$string
 androidx.activity.R$style
 androidx.activity.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/base/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.base.R
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$attr
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$color
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$drawable
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$id
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$string
 com.google.android.gms.base.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/reactivestreams/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.reactivestreams.R
com/example/sglh/R.java
 com.example.sglh.R
 com.example.sglh.R$anim
 com.example.sglh.R$animator
 com.example.sglh.R$attr
 com.example.sglh.R$bool
 com.example.sglh.R$color
 com.example.sglh.R$dimen
 com.example.sglh.R$drawable
 com.example.sglh.R$id
 com.example.sglh.R$integer
 com.example.sglh.R$interpolator
 com.example.sglh.R$layout
 com.example.sglh.R$menu
 com.example.sglh.R$mipmap
 com.example.sglh.R$string
 com.example.sglh.R$style
 com.example.sglh.R$styleable
 com.example.sglh.R$xml
androidx/drawerlayout/R.java
 androidx.drawerlayout.R
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$attr
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$color
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$id
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$integer
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$layout
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$string
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$style
 androidx.drawerlayout.R$styleable
androidx/versionedparcelable/R.java
 androidx.versionedparcelable.R
com/pravera/fl_location/R.java
 com.pravera.fl_location.R
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$attr
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$color
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$dimen
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$drawable
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$id
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$integer
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$layout
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$string
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$style
 com.pravera.fl_location.R$styleable
com/example/sglh/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.sglh.BuildConfig
androidx/media/R.java
 androidx.media.R
 androidx.media.R$attr
 androidx.media.R$color
 androidx.media.R$dimen
 androidx.media.R$drawable
 androidx.media.R$id
 androidx.media.R$integer
 androidx.media.R$layout
 androidx.media.R$string
 androidx.media.R$style
 androidx.media.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.R$id
androidx/legacy/v4/R.java
 androidx.legacy.v4.R
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$color
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$id
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$string
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$style
 androidx.legacy.v4.R$styleable
me/carda/awesome_notifications/R.java
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$attr
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$color
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$dimen
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$drawable
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$id
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$integer
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$layout
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$menu
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$string
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$style
 me.carda.awesome_notifications.R$styleable
com/pravera/flutter_activity_recognition/R.java
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$attr
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$color
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$dimen
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$drawable
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$id
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$integer
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$layout
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$string
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$style
 com.pravera.flutter_activity_recognition.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/pathprovider/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.pathprovider.R$styleable
com/pravera/flutter_foreground_task/R.java
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$attr
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$color
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$dimen
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$drawable
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$id
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$integer
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$layout
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$string
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$style
 com.pravera.flutter_foreground_task.R$styleable
androidx/cursoradapter/R.java
 androidx.cursoradapter.R
androidx/coordinatorlayout/R.java
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$attr
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$color
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$id
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$integer
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$layout
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$string
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$style
 androidx.coordinatorlayout.R$styleable
androidx/swiperefreshlayout/R.java
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$attr
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$color
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$dimen
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$drawable
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$id
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$integer
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$layout
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$string
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$style
 androidx.swiperefreshlayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/livedata/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.livedata.R
androidx/appcompat/R.java
 androidx.appcompat.R
 androidx.appcompat.R$anim
 androidx.appcompat.R$animator
 androidx.appcompat.R$attr
 androidx.appcompat.R$bool
 androidx.appcompat.R$color
 androidx.appcompat.R$dimen
 androidx.appcompat.R$drawable
 androidx.appcompat.R$id
 androidx.appcompat.R$integer
 androidx.appcompat.R$interpolator
 androidx.appcompat.R$layout
 androidx.appcompat.R$string
 androidx.appcompat.R$style
 androidx.appcompat.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreui/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreui.R$styleable
androidx/documentfile/R.java
 androidx.documentfile.R
androidx/customview/R.java
 androidx.customview.R
 androidx.customview.R$attr
 androidx.customview.R$color
 androidx.customview.R$dimen
 androidx.customview.R$drawable
 androidx.customview.R$id
 androidx.customview.R$integer
 androidx.customview.R$layout
 androidx.customview.R$string
 androidx.customview.R$style
 androidx.customview.R$styleable
androidx/window/java/R.java
 androidx.window.java.R
com/baseflow/geolocator/R.java
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$attr
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$color
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$dimen
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$drawable
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$id
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$integer
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$layout
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$string
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$style
 com.baseflow.geolocator.R$styleable
androidx/exifinterface/R.java
 androidx.exifinterface.R
androidx/loader/R.java
 androidx.loader.R
 androidx.loader.R$attr
 androidx.loader.R$color
 androidx.loader.R$dimen
 androidx.loader.R$drawable
 androidx.loader.R$id
 androidx.loader.R$integer
 androidx.loader.R$layout
 androidx.loader.R$string
 androidx.loader.R$style
 androidx.loader.R$styleable
com/pravera/geofence_service/R.java
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$attr
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$color
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$dimen
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$drawable
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$id
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$integer
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$layout
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$string
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$style
 com.pravera.geofence_service.R$styleable
androidx/legacy/coreutils/R.java
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$attr
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$color
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$dimen
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$drawable
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$id
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$integer
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$layout
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$string
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$style
 androidx.legacy.coreutils.R$styleable
androidx/annotation/experimental/R.java
 androidx.annotation.experimental.R
com/yalantis/ucrop/R.java
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$anim
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$animator
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$attr
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$bool
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$color
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$dimen
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$drawable
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$id
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$integer
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$interpolator
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$layout
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$menu
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$string
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$style
 com.yalantis.ucrop.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/runtime/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R
 androidx.lifecycle.runtime.R$id
io/flutter/plugins/flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.flutter_plugin_android_lifecycle.R$styleable
io/flutter/plugins/GeneratedPluginRegistrant.java
 io.flutter.plugins.GeneratedPluginRegistrant
androidx/tracing/R.java
 androidx.tracing.R
dev/fluttercommunity/plus/packageinfo/R.java
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$attr
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$color
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$dimen
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$drawable
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$id
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$integer
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$layout
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$string
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$style
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.packageinfo.R$styleable
androidx/window/R.java
 androidx.window.R
 androidx.window.R$attr
 androidx.window.R$id
 androidx.window.R$styleable
androidx/slidingpanelayout/R.java
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$attr
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$color
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$dimen
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$drawable
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$id
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$integer
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$layout
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$string
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$style
 androidx.slidingpanelayout.R$styleable
androidx/lifecycle/process/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.process.R
me/leolin/shortcutbadger/R.java
 me.leolin.shortcutbadger.R
androidx/lifecycle/service/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.service.R
io/flutter/plugins/imagepicker/R.java
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$attr
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$color
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$dimen
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$drawable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$id
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$integer
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$layout
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$string
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$style
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$styleable
 io.flutter.plugins.imagepicker.R$xml
androidx/viewpager/R.java
 androidx.viewpager.R
 androidx.viewpager.R$attr
 androidx.viewpager.R$color
 androidx.viewpager.R$dimen
 androidx.viewpager.R$drawable
 androidx.viewpager.R$id
 androidx.viewpager.R$integer
 androidx.viewpager.R$layout
 androidx.viewpager.R$string
 androidx.viewpager.R$style
 androidx.viewpager.R$styleable
androidx/localbroadcastmanager/R.java
 androidx.localbroadcastmanager.R
com/google/android/gms/location/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.location.R
dev/fluttercommunity/plus/connectivity/R.java
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$attr
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$color
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$dimen
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$drawable
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$id
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$integer
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$layout
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$string
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$style
 dev.fluttercommunity.plus.connectivity.R$styleable
com/google/android/gms/tasks/R.java
 com.google.android.gms.tasks.R
androidx/lifecycle/viewmodel/savedstate/R.java
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R
 androidx.lifecycle.viewmodel.savedstate.R$id
androidx/vectordrawable/animated/R.java
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$attr
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$color
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$dimen
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$drawable
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$id
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$integer
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$layout
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$string
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$style
 androidx.vectordrawable.animated.R$styleable
